Ladies and gentlemen, friends of Tennessee. This is a very exciting week in Washington because
this is a cherry blossom week. The Tennessee State Society of Washington, its president
and officers and members, chose the Tennessee cherry blossom princess who is with us today.
Miss Joanna Evans, I'll Smithville-Tumsee, and it certainly is wonderful to have you with us,
Joanna. And we are also honored in having her distinguished father, Congressman Joe Evans,
of a fourth congressional district who has been serving in the House of Representatives for
almost 14 years with great honor and dignity. Well, thank you, Ed. It's nice to be here and
to bring Joanna along. I certainly appreciate you bringing it.
Joanna, tell us about the, you go to Vanderbilt that way, don't you?
Sure.
And I hear you're a very outstanding student. You make wonderful grades and I can
reprove that by you, Joe. She's always made better grades than me.
Joanna, you're a junior at Vanderbilt.
Miss Joanna?
Here you're president of the E.O.P.S. authority for next year.
The next year, yes sir.
I have a daughter at Vanderbilt and I have that link.
I know you don't. Who else is now? Little Fister.
Well, she's not even proud of you.
Here, go ahead.
Well, friends, when Miss Joanna Evans came to Washington, on Sunday nights, he was met
by the president of the Tennessee State Society, a large group of Tennesseeans, in honor
of our beautiful charming chair blossom princess at Tennessee.
Now tell us what the program's been this week, Joanna.
Well, the meeting was the most spectacular.
At the plane, I wasn't very charming. I had rained in my face and everybody had umbrellas
and the cameras were all over. And the next day, we met our escorts through the
Univac machine.
As I was on Monday.
On Monday, yes.
And you've been very busy all week.
Oh, very.
And then what happened on Tuesday, Joanna?
On Tuesday, we had, tell you, the official opening of the Festival, the lining of the
Japanese stone lantern about the ambassador to the stutter.
About the ambassador of Japan?
That's a pain.
And then on Wednesday night, I believe, we're choosing you had a great ball with all
of your escorts.
We've seen eye.
Tennis at the state societies of all of the countries, states.
And then the official crowning of the Queen is on Friday night.
No, I did not.
Turn the oil.
And I'd explain that if Merritt went in exclusively in choosing, I'm sure that Joanna would be
the Queen of the overall Queen of the Cherublos and Festival, but they turn the wheel in.
That's not that you can be prejudiced like that.
And we hope that the wheel will end in the right place and that Joanna will be the national
Queen.
And then Joanna, you're going back to Nashville and to Vanderbilt.
Let me mind you, too.
A lot of work.
I'm afraid.
And, Joe, this is a great week for you and Anne.
Yes, just we're delighted to have Joanna with us.
We are very honored that the society has selected her, but most of all, we've enjoyed having
the week visit with her.
And I understand just smart her, Brent Fowler, may be coming up to.
Well, he always likes to make trips, but he couldn't make this one.
He decided not to come this time.
We're very sorry that he didn't come.
But Joanna, you have a plan student of French, too, aren't you?
I'm studying it.
Could you go to France last year?
Yes, 13th of summer when it's France and the States and the French family.
I enjoy it very much.
And what are you going to do this summer, Joanna?
Oh, because they haven't worked this summer.
You mean your father's going to make you work this summer?
But he made it work before we went.
What are you going to be doing this summer, Joe?
Well, she has lots of interest.
She likes newspaper work, if she can find a place where she might get a job with a newspaper,
that's what her interests are in writing.
But I suspect you'll be campaigning for me.
Well, Joe, you don't have any opposition, so you will need it if you're ready to campaign
for you.
Well, Joanna, certainly is a wonderful view to come and be with us and all the Tennessee
and some mighty, mighty proud of you.
Thank you.
And we in the Tennessee delegation feel that you're a lovely queen.
And we hope that you'll be the national queen because you deserve to be.
Thanks, Joanna.
Thank you very much, Joanna.
Thank you very much, Joe, for coming and thank you and with us.
That's all for now, ladies and gentlemen.
Thank you.